docs: Meta Monitoring Loki v2 (Part 3) - documentation (#16835)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/setup/install/helm/monitor-and-alert/_index.md

# Monitoring

> {{< admonition type="warning" >}}
> We no longer recommend using the meta-monitoring Helm chart to monitor Loki. To consolidate monitoring efforts into one Helm chart, we recommend using the Kubernetes monitoring Helm chart. Instructions for setting up the Kubernetes monitoring Helm chart can be found in [operations](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/operations/meta-monitoring/).
> {{< /admonition >}}
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- vale Grafana.We = NO -->
{{< admonition type="warning" >}}
We no longer recommend using the meta-monitoring Helm chart to monitor Loki. To consolidate monitoring efforts into one Helm chart, Grafana Labs recommends using the Kubernetes monitoring Helm chart. Instructions for setting up the Kubernetes monitoring Helm chart can be found in [operations](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/operations/meta-monitoring/).
{{< /admonition >}}
<!-- vale Grafana.We = YES -->

```

# Monitoring

<!-- vale Grafana.We = NO -->
{{< admonition type="warning" >}}

> We no longer recommend using the meta-monitoring Helm chart to monitor Loki. To consolidate monitoring efforts into one Helm chart, Grafana Labs recommends using the Kubernetes monitoring Helm chart. Instructions for setting up the Kubernetes monitoring Helm chart can be found in [operations](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/operations/meta-monitoring/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We no longer recommend using the meta-monitoring Helm chart to monitor Loki. To consolidate monitoring efforts into one Helm chart, Grafana Labs recommends using the Kubernetes monitoring Helm chart. Instructions for setting up the Kubernetes monitoring Helm chart can be found under [Manage](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/operations/meta-monitoring/).
```
